---
layout: default
categories: product
modal-id: 2
date: 2012-01-01
img: cloudcar_logo.png
alt: image-alt
project-date: January 2012
client: Hyundai, Jaguar Landrover
category: Connected Services
---

Android Auto
Industry’s first commercial Android Auto receiver. • Negotiated a $200K POC contract with Hyundai. • Managed delivery of a projected mode POC
showcased at CES.
• Led the discussion with Google and Hyundai to
propose an OAA compliant receiver architecture
that leveraged POC.
• Program managed delivery of product to enable
first Android Auto commercial launch.


justDrive 1.0
A projected automotive experience. Non modal, voice driven.
• Developed requirements that allowed transition of a demo to a commercial grade service.
• Acting VP engineering during Beta phase.
• Drove development of standalone validation tests
to expedite integration with Nuance, Bosch, and HERE SDKs.
justDrive 2.0
Embedded product.
Open APIs to allow customizable HMI.
• Drove modification of UX to incorporate a
consistent and predictive touch based HMI.
• Led discussions and negotiations with an OEM
and Tier 1 to deliver a POC as a first step
towards a commercial launch.



Modular Head Unit Reference
A head unit reference design that allows hardware upgrades.
• Convinced NVIDIA to design a
Tegra 3 compute fabric.
• Led design and implementation
of a 1-DIN head unit prototype, with replaceable display and compute elements and installed in 20 cars.
• Negotiated a $100K evaluation agreement with LG, which has led to a commercial development opportunity.
